nobody knows that I am see great spy if
I love you home careful to watch be
higher beautiful
I climb up a tree and hide in the lead
to keep you from seeing
call me obsessed but I need to know your
name
add your address
about you your favorite son
that
obsessive-compulsive crazy love
[Music]
a little firmness a sparkly dress and I
could
right
favorite
[Music]
obsessive-compulsive crazy
if you ever plan to hum
[Music]
so I hope you enjoyed my fall fashion
video and if you're interested in any of
the items that I included in my video
I'll be sure to put links down below if
I can find them online just so it makes
it easier for you guys if you want to go
and check them out for yourself now I am
going to be sneaking in a little
surprise giveaway here at the end of
this video just because I really wanted
to do something special for you guys so
I have this bag here and this is filled
with a bunch of my favorite beauty
products so inside I have the Urban
Decay Naked palette because I absolutely
love this and I also have the Naked 2
palette because I've been using this
recently and I've fallen in love with
this one as well and then I have a blush
and bronzer duo from NARS this is
Lagoona and orgasm I have a Dior Addict
lipgloss and this is color 2 5 6 and
then I have a NARS eyeliner this is the
larger-than-life long wear eyeliner in
Via Veneto which is just a black
eyeliner but it is seriously like the
best eyeliner because it does not smudge
at all I have the Dior creme de Rose lip
balm which is an incredible lip balm
especially if you use it at night before
bed I have the EOS lip balm in
strawberry sorbet because this just
tastes really good and then I have the
YSL rouge beloved lipstick and color
number 2 sensual silk I also have two of
my favorite mascaras this one is the
Maybelline falsies flared waterproof
version and then this one is
Maybelline's mega plush and this is also
waterproof
I have brushes because you need brushes
for your makeup I also have the Dior
Amber diamond highlighter which is like
my favorite highlighter for skin tear I
am including the Korres Wild Rose and
vitamin C's sleeping facial I also have
two fragrances here this one is chanel
Coco Mademoiselle which is like my
favorite perfume during this time of the
year and then I have a little rollerball
the rollerball this is a Marc Jacobs
Daisy oh so fresh and this one
just a great day time every day really
fresh girly sets and then last but not
least I have four nail polishes so these
are some of my favorite colors I have
Revlon minted which is a beautiful mint
green color and then I have OPI will
always have Paris which is like my
favorite fall slash winter color and
then I have Essie Fiji which is a really
pretty girly baby pink color and Orly
rage which is a metallic rose gold so
those are all of the beauty products but
that's not it for this part of the
giveaway because all of those products
will be inside of a long shop tote bag
and this is the navy color and this is
the exact same one that I own which is
right here and I just love this bag
because it's so versatile if you want to
win the longshot bag with the beauty
products in it all you have to do is
make sure that you are subscribed to
both of my channels so my beauty channel
which is the one that you are watching
this video on right now and then my blog
channel which is the grit monster and I
will put links down below so you guys
can make sure that you are subscribed
and then you just have to leave a
comment on this video and you can leave
as many comments as you want you can
come back every day if you want to and
you just have to tell me what your
must-have item for fall is and there's
just one more thing that I want to tell
you guys before I leave today while I
was in Catalina shooting at this fashion
video I also filmed a music video with
Luke for the Owl City and Carly Rae
Jepsen song good time which I absolutely
love I just love that song so much is
such a fun song and we did some really
awesome things and we covered the song
and so Luke put together the music video
and all of the music and everything so I
will link that video down below if you
would like to go and check it out but it
was seriously so much fun to do so yeah
that is going to be it for today and I
hope you all are doing really well I
hope you are having a fantastic day and
I will see you guys very soon bye
nobody knows that I am secret spy if I
love you phone careful to watch behind
you
[Music]